# From Notebook

Citing specific human examples of who you should and should not model your future after in some form is perhaps unorthodox or ill-advised in this context, but I wouldn't know - what I *do* know is that openly worshipping Elon Musk at this moment in human history makes you look dumb. If anything, I would suggest that you keep your thoughts to yourself. I don't think I should suggest, unqualified, that you be ingenuine about him (or anything discussed in this volume, for that matter.) Without ranting, here is my most succinct explanation:

For the sake of clarification, I do not think Elon Musk is an unintelligent man in many aspects we have traditionally celebrated from the "genius" white men throughout history. The original Tesla product - the Roadster - was an electrified Lotus Elise. I have never driven one, but the automotive media's reception of the infantile company's implementation of what theoretically should have been a massive waste of time was surprisingly positive. I have absolutely no idea how the stock market works, but I implicitly trust Matt Farah's criticism of Tesla's business plan - to prioritize pleasing investors over making quality products. (Or at least that's where they've ended up.) 

I would add that - if this were wholly, truly the way the company intends to operate, they will have managed the impressive feat of blowing up any value they ever had as disruptors of the industry in a fraction of the time it took their opposing dinosaurs to turn into explicit, government-bailed-out scrubs. I want to be sensitive about this: I realize that Elon has let many of you down - I might even say *us* down because I remember being genuinely elated by *MotorTrend*'s declaration of the Model S as the [??] Car of The Year under Ed Loh as EIC. 

When I encountered the opportunity to drive one very briefly a year later, I thought myself very clever in remarking "the Tesla Model S would be the best car in the world right now if it were powered by an internal combustion engine." It *was* a genuine revolution if only because it was the only company in [???] years to successfully design, produce, and sell a mainstream automotive product. DeLorean, Bricklin... I wish they had, instead (especially the latter.)

This year, according to Johnny Liberman, Tesla is expected to sell 200,000 motorcars, which - as he repeats to Matt - *nobody* thought was at all likely. Frankly, I had hoped they would do literally anything else than what they have since the Model S-X because crossovers are literally the worst scam in recent auto industry history, the 3 because it was underwhelming and apparently made poorly. The "Roadster???" The one they sent to space ironically? The Cybertruck because it is surely going to be stupid, if it is ever actually produced, that is, and the Semi because Hydrogen seems almost certainly worth waiting for in the case of longhaul trucking.

On the other hand, that number is a quantification of the pressure the legacy companies are feeling from Tesla's suceess, which - Gourd-wiling - 